sig-auth: 2024 annual report (#8358)
kubernetes/community: sig-auth/annual-report-2024.md

   - Governance and leadership changes
-->

   - No governance or leadership changes.
   - The `SecurityContextDeny` admission plugin was removed [in v1.30](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/122612) after being deprecated in v1.27. The **Pod Security Admission plugin**, available since v1.25, is recommended instead.
   - Updated an audit annotation key used by the `…/serviceaccounts/<name>/token` resource handler [in v1.30](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123098). The annotation used to persist the issued credential identifier is now `authentication.kubernetes.io/issued-credential-id`.
   - Added support for configuring multiple JWT authenticators in Structured Authentication Configuration [in v1.30](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123431). The maximum allowed JWT authenticators in the authentication configuration is 64.

>    - The `AuthorizationConfiguration` type accepted in --`authorization-config` files has been promoted to `apiserver.config.k8s.io/v1beta1` [in v1.30](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123640).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The `AuthorizationConfiguration` type accepted in --`authorization-config` files has been promoted to `apiserver.config.k8s.io/v1` [in v1.32](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/128172).
```

Author: thanks, updated!

  - Stable
    - [2799 - Reduction of Secret-based Service Account Tokens](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-auth/2799-reduction-of-secret-based-service-account-token) - v1.30
    - [3221 - Structured Authorization Configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-auth/3221-structured-authorization-configuration) - v1.32
    - [4193 - bound service account token improvements](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-auth/4193-bound-service-account-token-improvements) - v1.32

## [Subprojects](https://git.k8s.io/community/sig-auth#subprojects)

**New in 2024:**
  - secrets-store-sync-controller

> 

Reviewer: Did we want to remove `hierarchical-namespace-controller` from the `Continuing` list?

Author: There were commits merged ~8 months ago ([commit link](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/hierarchical-namespaces/commit/977e2c533a0efafddb0d2e40eeb8e69e9f3a0c30)), but there have been no releases or updates since. An open issue ([here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/hierarchical-namespaces/issues/405)) inquires about the project's status. Should we keep it under 'continuing' for the past year and reassess this year based on the project's health?

Author: Added it to `Archiving in 2025` section.
